Improved rss readme (#12157)
withastro/astro: packages/astro-rss/README.md

};
```

> #### `title`

Author: Hm, adding a `### Properties` wouldn't be accurate. These are properties for the `items` array, so it would become `#### Properties` and _level 5 headings_ for each property 😬 

We originally broke out the sub properties to a separate section, but I found that to be confusing. Thoughts on some sort of lead-in sentence to clarify the nested headings?

> #### `title`

Reviewer: Ah, I should have expanded the hidden text for more context! I have *some* ideas, but I think it's probably fine as is!

Type: `string (optional)`

The title of the item in the feed. Optional only if a description is set. Otherwise, required.

#### `link`

Type: `string (optional)`

The URL of the item on the web.

#### `pubDate`

Type: `Date (optional)`

Indicates when the item was published.

#### `description`

Type: `string (optional)`

A synopsis of your item when you are publishing the full content of the item in the `content` field. The `description` may alternatively be the full content of the item in the feed if you are not using the `content` field (entity-coded HTML is permitted). Optional only if a title is set. Otherwise, required.

#### `content`

Type: `string (optional)`

> The full text content of the item suitable for presentation as HTML. If used, you should also provide a short article summary in the `description` field. See the [recommendations from the RSS spec for how to use and differentiate between `description` and `content`](https://www.rssboard.org/rss-profile#namespace-elements-content-encoded).

Author: Yeah, that was copied from the previous README. I personally don't love the inclusion since it breaks the flow. Thoughts on removing?

> The full text content of the item suitable for presentation as HTML. If used, you should also provide a short article summary in the `description` field. See the [recommendations from the RSS spec for how to use and differentiate between `description` and `content`](https://www.rssboard.org/rss-profile#namespace-elements-content-encoded).

Reviewer: Wouldn't object to straight up removing!

};
```

- `enclosure.url` is the URL where the media can be found. If the media is hosted outside of your own domain you must provide a full URL.
- `enclosure.length` is the size of the file found at the `url` in bytes.
- `enclosure.type` is the [MIME type](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types/Common_types) for the media item found at the `url`.

### stylesheet

Type: `string (optional)`

An absolute path to an XSL stylesheet in your project. If you don’t have an RSS stylesheet in mind, we recommend the [Pretty Feed v3 default stylesheet](https://github.com/genmon/aboutfeeds/blob/main/tools/pretty-feed-v3.xsl), which you can download from GitHub and save into your project's `public/` directory.

### customData

Type: `string (optional)`

> A string of valid XML to be injected between your feed's `<description>` and `<item>` tags. This is commonly used to set a language for your feed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string of valid XML to be injected between your feed's `<description>` and `<item>` tags. 

This can be used to pass additional data outside of the standard RSS spec, and is commonly used to set a language for your feed:
```
Maybe just *something* so that it's clear that this is general purpose, and here's *one* specific thing? I also seem to recall people using this field to pass additional frontmatter properties from their markdown posts? If so, that's also something you could specifically mention in passing, as that's kind of cool.

```js
import rss from '@astrojs/rss';

export const GET = () => rss({
    ...
    customData: '<language>en-us</language>',
  });
```

### xmlns

Type: `Record<string, string> (optional)`

> An object mapping a set of `xmlns` suffixes to strings of metadata on the opening `<rss>` tag.

Reviewer: So two things here:

1. A second sentence like "This is used to/for" with plain language explanation of the purpose here would be nice.

2. If the URL is just an example, then standard practice is to use `example.com` EVERYWHERE, even when other URLs seem fun.

Author: This took me down a rabbithole to understand what `xmlns` even is. Learned a lot! Updated the entry to give a practical example

For example, this object:

```js
rss({
  ...
  xmlns: { h: 'http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/' },
})
```

Will inject the following XML:

```xml
<rss xmlns:h="http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/"...
```

### `trailingSlash`

Type: `boolean (optional)`
Default: `true`

> By default, the library will add trailing slashes to the emitted URLs. To prevent this behavior, add `trailingSlash: false` to the `rss` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, trailing slashes will be added to the URLs of your feed entries. To prevent this behavior, add `trailingSlash: false` to the `rss` function.
```
Is this what you mean? If so, I'd plain-language-ize it more like that.

Author: Again, copied from the old draft! Happy to change whatever you prefer :)

- `enclosure.type` is the [MIME type](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types/Common_types) for the media item found at the `url`.

### stylesheet

Type: `string (optional)`

An absolute path to an XSL stylesheet in your project. If you don’t have an RSS stylesheet in mind, we recommend the [Pretty Feed v3 default stylesheet](https://github.com/genmon/aboutfeeds/blob/main/tools/pretty-feed-v3.xsl), which you can download from GitHub and save into your project's `public/` directory.

### customData

Type: `string (optional)`

A string of valid XML to be injected between your feed's `<description>` and `<item>` tags. This is commonly used to set a language for your feed:

```js
import rss from '@astrojs/rss';

export const GET = () => rss({
    ...
    customData: '<language>en-us</language>',
  });
```

### xmlns

Type: `Record<string, string> (optional)`

An object mapping a set of `xmlns` suffixes to strings of metadata on the opening `<rss>` tag.

For example, this object:

```js
rss({
  ...
  xmlns: { h: 'http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/' },
})
```

Will inject the following XML:

```xml
<rss xmlns:h="http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/"...
```

> 
> ### content
> 
> 
> ### `trailingSlash`

Reviewer 2: LGTM! But I think you forgot to remove that title (section is empty, `content` is defined above)

```suggestion

### `trailingSlash`
```
